Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
The war between the Imperial Army and the
Hellhorde has raged on for many years...
In the midst of battle, the Princess and
Commander of the Imperial Third Legion
falls into the hands of the Hellhorde.
The Hellhorde, seeking to extract
Imperial secrets from the princess...
...mercilessly subjects her
to torture day after day.
Torture Tortura, at your service.
The location of the
empire's ultimate weapon.
The days when security is lax.
Their secret military code.
All utterly worthless.
You haven't managed to get any useful
information out of the princess.
Could it be that you've lost your touch?
No, I dare say not.
I could strip you of your title
of grand inquisitor right here.
But I'll offer you a chance.
Have a stab at torturing me.
Y-Your Majesty!
I can't allow that!
We will begin in one hour.
I'll see if you have what it takes.
And I think it should be
clear what will happen...
if you disappoint me.
Yes.
'Tis Time for "Torture," Princess
'Tis time for torture, Your Majesty.
Geh-heh-heh.
Torturing His Majesty?
How foolhardy!
His Majesty stands above all of demonkind.
His mental resilience is far above average!
What exactly does she have planned?
I shall be using this for
today's torture session.
'Tis beer.
Geh-heh-heh.
You should cater your torture
method to your victim.
It's not working on him!
I enjoy a drink every night with the queen in
the privacy of my home, and you offer me beer?
Not a bad choice!
It's not?!
However, you stand before the Hell-Lord.
I've sampled the finest alcoholic
beverages across the lands.
Do you think you can defeat me
with that low-brow canned beer?
It's totally working!
'Tis but canned beer.
Yet 'tis mighty indeed.
Your Majesty, do you know the
tastiest way to pour a can of beer?
The tastiest way?
First, when pouring it into the glass...
As you begin, immediately raise
the can as high as you can.
If you do that, you'll get nothing but foam!
That is fine.
That is what we want.
Once it reaches the very top,
we wait for the head to settle.
A vigorous pour results in fine bubbles
that become compacted even further.
Once the head is stable, slowly pour
in beer from the rim of the glass.
Finally, once you've poured enough that
the foam covers the top of the glass...
'Tis complete.
Wha—?!
J-Just look at this fluffy foam...
No, fluffoam!
He gave it a name!
A far cry from the flaccid head
you get from pouring mindlessly!
It stands out like a
dollop of whipped cream!
Fluffoam! Fluffoam!
Is he pleased with himself for that?
Your Majesty!
It can't be!
To think that I...
would tremble with temptation!
Please endure it, Your Majesty!
Even when you faced the Hero, strongest
soldier in the Imperial Army, in a duel,
you shrugged off all of
his attacks, held firm,
and came out standing strong!
You are the pinnacle of all demonkind!
The strongest monster of all!
The Hell-Lord himself!
The Hell-Lord himself
Your Majesty!
Y-Your Majesty?
Heh.
That's right.
I am the Hell-Lord.
This torture is nothing to me!
Incidentally, this beer
with the fluffy foam...
or rather, this fluffoam beer...
The longer you wait, the
more foam will dissipate.
'Tis best to enjoy it
immediately after pouring.
My weakness is light magic!
He gave it away!
The Hell-Lord
confessed
Enjoy.
Yes.
It's so light, with a creamy mouthfeel
that's downright criminal.
And the golden nectar of life
blanketed in fluffoam...
rushes through my body!
So divine, it's like my throat is in heaven!
Foam fizzing like herald angels singing!
I'm filled with joy!
This is no mere canned beer!
It's light magic!
His Majesty is being purified!
Don't drink until you come of age.
Grand
Inquisitor's
Chamber
His Majesty granted me permission
to continue the torture.
But I must admit that as it stands, the
intelligence we can gain is limited in scope.
I suppose I could try something different.
'Tis Time for "Torture," Princess
Fluffoam...
Princess.
'Tis time for torture.
We'll be trying something
a little different today.
It doesn't matter what
torture you throw at us.
I'm sure Her Highness will spill the beans.
What?!
Did Ex's faith in me plummet
thanks to my constant slip-ups?!
Just you wait, Ex!
Today's the day I finally resist!
Hmph.
What?!
I shan't be torturing you today, Princess.
What?
Please come in.
Weaponsmith Gilga-chan.
Weaponsmith, Pain-Private
Gilga
Hey there.
A weaponsmith?
Aw, man.
Hey! Stop that! Not there!
Being stuck here has left
you in awful condition.
Cut it out!
Yes.
Don't touch me! Hey! Stop!
Sacred Blade Ex, today we'll be...
Hands off! Hey! I said stop!
torturing you instead.
Don't underestimate me.
I am Ex, the sacred blade.
In my long service to the royal family,
alongside generations of noble knights,
I've braved a countless number of battles.
I would never submit to
any means of torture!
Alrighty.
Hey! Unhand me!
Let's start by taking off this surface rust.
I'm a sacred blade, you know!
Ex?
You've got it wrong, Your Highness!
That was a battle cry!
I was letting out a manly battle cry!
It wasn't because of any
pleasure I felt at all!
I simply let out a battle cry!
All sacred blades would do the same!
I'm definitely not the only
one who'd cry out...
Slow down.
Next, I'll use this rotary grindstone...
and sharpen you real nice and gentle.
What a refreshing shave.
And the perfect level of sharpening!
I can feel it.
I don't need to test out my blade to tell.
While retaining the bashing force a
sword needs to smash through armor...
it boasts the sharp edge of a
katana to cut through flesh!
I am a sacred blade!
The sacred blade Ex!
Ex!
Ex, snap out of it!
It's okay, Your Highness.
I admit that felt good.
However, I feel no obligation
to share my secrets!
I will endure this torture!
Great!
I'm impressed, Ex!
I would have spilled the
beans three times by now!
Your Highness?
Well, that's a shame, but it
looks like I'm done here.
Y-You've still only done a
coarse pass over my surface!
I know.
I'd love to give you the
full treatment as well.
But this is supposed to be torture.
Well, if you were to reveal a secret...
I wouldn't mind giving you a nice finish.
Ex...
Rest assured, Your Highness.
I am the sacred blade Ex.
Your trusty sword.
I wouldn't dare act out of
my own personal interest.
Ex!
Getting polished up with
a nice, sharp edge...
That would benefit Your Highness as well!
Ex!
Okay, let's finish you up!
Ex confessed
I see.
So the Demon Sword Murasa and
Fire Sword Amon are lovers.
Magnificent! I feel superb!
Glare...
U-Um...
Your Highness, well...
I'm sorry.
Sorry for letting you down as well.
N-No, I never...
I'll try harder than ever
before to endure the torture!
Yes!
I'll be rooting for you!
'Tis Time for "Torture," Princess
Princess, time for some torture!
Beastmaster
Krall
Krall-chan!
Where's Hngy-Baby?
He's keeping watch back home!
Aw, I was hoping to see him again!
For real?
I mean, Hngy-Baby's adorable!
I know, right?
Hngy-Baby's totes adorbs!
You should come hang out at my place!
You can meet all the others, too!
What, really?
I'm totally down!
Your Highness?
Krall?
That's right, Princess.
No more goofing around!
Unlike last time, today's torture
is totally the real deal!
Prepare yourself!
Come on in!
That's...
That's a good boy, Mad Wolf.
Krall Regiment Combat Soldier
Mad Wolf
A mad wolf!
Be careful, Your Highness!
Wolves are known as the strongest of all monster
families when it comes to pure fighting power!
Have you forgotten, Ex?
I've defeated wolves in the past.
It wasn't an easy fight, but
they're not unbeatable.
However, mad wolves are a different
beast altogether, even among wolves.
They're twice as strong as the gran
wolves you struggled to defeat.
What?
That's strong as hell!
All right, Princess.
Let's start the torture!
What enormous, thick legs!
If that thing lands a hit on you...
Mad Wolf's allure lies in his
big, cute paw pads for sure!
Not to mention...
Ah, it smells so nice!
The unique scent of their paw pads!
You can't beat it, baby!
That's so specific that
I'm not jealous at all.
Okay, Princess!
If you're dying of envy, then
let's hear that secret!
No, I'm not jealous.
What?
M-Mad wolf paw pads have a stronger
scent than doggies or kitties do...
I've never sniffed an animal's
paw pads to begin with.
No way!
That's like missing out
on half of life itself!
Paw pads make up half of our lives now?
Here, give it a whiff.
What?
Smells like animal funk.
It's a nice smell!
C'mon, try sniffing it again!
Ugh, no thanks.
Please!
I'll let you in on my secret!
How the tables have turned.
What secret?
The grand inquisitor has her newborn
niece as her phone wallpaper!
Hey, Krall!
How do you know that?!
Look, I shared my secret!
What?
Fine, I'll give it another whiff.
W-Well?
Ah!
Underneath the animal funk, it
smells a bit like popcorn...
Yeah! Yeah!
The pad itself feels so nice and squishy...
Huh?
Ah, wait...
I could get hooked on this!
Welcome.
To the world of paw pads!
The princess had her eyes
opened to a new world
Thanks, Krall-cchi.
For opening my eyes to a brand new world!
Nah, I'm just glad you get the paw hype now!
Oh, I know!
Let's have a paw party back at my place!
I'm down!
Let's invite everyone else!
How about it, Grand Inquisitor?
I swear, you two...
Will there be bunnies?
You betcha, baby!
Ah, so cute...
Hngy-Baby!
So warm and relaxing...
How's it going?
Whoa, you're a clever one!
What about the torture?
'Tis Time for
"Torture," Princess
Hellgrove Park
Hurry up!
I can't wait!
It's time for torture, Princess!
Hell-Lord's Daughter
Hyper Cadet Harm-Marshal
Maomao-chan
I really like playing at the park!
So seeing me play should make you jealous!
Just watch me!
Yeah, I'm watching.
Wait up!
Careful, careful...
So fast!
Ah, so cute.
Everything's cute about her.
She really is so cute.
She's gonna talk, isn't she?
And join in on the fun.
Don't worry, Ex.
That won't happen.
Maomao-chan may be cute, but that
doesn't mean I want to join in.
I've never liked parks very much.
What do you mean?
I was...
forbidden from playing in
parks when I was younger.
Parks are not a place
for royalty to play.
That's the lesson I had
deeply ingrained in me.
Which is why...
I don't feel the desire to play here at all!
Magnificent, Your Highness!
Princess and Commander of
the Imperial Third Legion!
You've fully taken those childhood
royal lessons to heart!
Of course.
I've had to lead a distinguished
life since birth.
Even as a child... I-I understood this...
Your Highness?
Truth is, I wanted to play
with everyone else...
You gave in awfully fast!
I wanted to play...
And go on the seesaw...
Giggle giggle
And climb up the jungle gym...
Smirk smirk
And make castles in the sandbox...
Yeah!
Calm down, Your Highness.
Don't let your own memories
be your downfall.
Missy!
Maomao-chan!
Let's play together!
Sure!
Your Highness?!
The princess
confessed
C'mon, missy!
Not so fast!
Hurry up!
Man, that was fun!
Yep!
I played my heart out!
We should hang out again!
Yeah.
What was the most fun part, Maomao-chan?
Huh?
Why do I need to pick?
So everything was fun, then?
Yeah!
Everything was fun!
Same for me!
Your Majesty.
The Royal Empire's security password
we obtained from the princess.
The Chief Officer of Combat
was asking for it.
Would you be so kind as to lend me
the note with the password on it?
Geh-heh-heh.
That note, you say?
The video filled with scenes
of Maomao-chan playing.
I was so engrossed in watching that...
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
I completely lost track
of where I left the note!